A problem set that will help me to grow.

- Write a program that prints "Hello, World!" to the console.

- Create variables of different data types and print them. Example: Integer, String, Boolean.

Basic Arithmetic Calculator:
- Write a program that takes two numbers as input and allows the user to perform basic arithmetic operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division) on them.

Fibonacci Sequence:
- Write a function that returns the nth number in the Fibonacci sequence.

Palindrome Checker:
Create a program that checks if a given string is a palindrome (the same forwards and backwards).

Factorial Calculator:
Write a function that calculates the factorial of a given number.

Prime Number Checker:
Develop a program that checks if a number is prime.

Sorting Algorithm:
Implement a sorting algorithm, like bubble sort or quicksort, to sort an array of numbers.

Find the Largest/Smallest Number in an Array:
Write a program that finds the largest and smallest number in an unsorted array.

String Reversal:
Create a function that reverses a string.

Sum of an Array:
Write a program that calculates the sum of all numbers in an array.

Linear Search:
Implement linear search to find a particular element in an array.

Binary Search:
Implement binary search on a sorted array.

Duplicate Elements in Array:
Write a program to find duplicate elements in an array.

FizzBuzz:
Print numbers from 1 to n. For multiples of 3 print "Fizz" instead of the number and for the multiples of 5 print "Buzz". For numbers which are multiples of both 3 and 5, print "FizzBuzz".

Anagram Checker:
Create a program that checks if two strings are anagrams of each other.

Count Vowels and Consonants in a String:
Write a program that counts the number of vowels and consonants in a given string.

Find the Second Largest Number in an Array:
Write a program to find the second largest number in an array.

Recursive Functions:
Implement a recursive function, like a recursive implementation of the Fibonacci sequence.

Simple Tic-Tac-Toe Game:
Create a simple console-based Tic-Tac-Toe game.

Matrix Operations (Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication):
Implement functions for basic matrix operations.

Basic File Operations:
Write a program to read from and write to a file.

Implement a Linked List:
Create a basic linked list with operations like add, remove, and search.

Balanced Parentheses Checker:
Write an algorithm to check if a given string of parentheses (e.g., "()[]{}") is balanced.

Tower of Hanoi:
Solve the Tower of Hanoi puzzle using recursion.